a wave of shock rippled through our
nation shaking our local newscasters
from here to as far away as Canada to
the core because today this morning we
were hit with someone something no one
saw coming
we today we learned that October is here
can you believe it's October 1st I can't
believe it I can't believe it's October
already October is here already moving
into October already if you can believe
it can you believe it's already October
its October already hard to believe that
October is already here cannot believe
it's October already I can't believe
it's already October October already all
right I believe it's October already
right I believe it's already October
hard to believe it's already October and
you believe it's October already Jimmy
don't take this one Jimmy don't take
this one
thank you I'm sorry but someone gives me
a gift I have no choice but to take it
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
ohh